i hope you're hungry in taiwan
for a buck you can get a bowl of
delicious oyster noodle soup
this country has world famous night
markets where you can find plenty of
street food to fit any budget
when you're traveling you don't want to
be weighed down with a bunch of heavy
clothes
you probably won't even wear half of
them save some luggage space
and find a good laundry service you can
wash around one pound of clothes for a
dollar in malaysia
oh and i almost forgot you can get some
nice local breakfast for the same price
too
if you find yourself in the caribbean
and you want to buy some pirate corn on
the cob
it's a buccaneer hey that joke cost me a
dollar
do you think it's possible to buy ten
eggs for the price of one dollar
you can in malaysia wonder why they sell
eggs in groups of ten
which one dollar option would you choose
in vietnam
two nice cups of local coffee five local
newspapers
one year of insurance for your motorbike
a good hair wash
or four delicious rolls and now we're
talking
if you're in indonesia on a budget you
can always get a full
meal of chicken porridge meatballs and
chicken noodles
and if you need some help back to your
hotel a motorbike taxi will cost you
around a dollar
as long as it's a short enough ride in
bangkok thailand
there's a long tail boat that takes you
from one side of a wide river to the
other and for a dollar
you can ride on it a whole six times
back and forth
back and forth are your feet swollen
from the flight
give yourself a 30 minute foot massage
in the philippines
something you can actually get for a
dollar over there
hello there sri lanka while there you
can buy a five-hour bus or train ride
across the island for about a dollar
if you don't feel like traveling all
over search for some local places to try
their traditional
coconut pancakes for the same price
meanwhile
in armenia you can choose between a huge
pack of flour
a big sack of potatoes or three loaves
of bread
what would you even do with all that
stuff hey how about turkey
not the thanksgiving one only got a few
coins in your pocket
there's a nice cup of turkish tea
waiting for you
it's actually the most popular hot drink
in the country
or if you want to eat something
delicious you can have a piece of the
sweet pastry baklava
okay one dollar won't get you the
biggest piece ever but it's still worth
it
a hot dog for a dollar that's not a trap
it's the real price you can actually
find on the streets of macedonia
meanwhile in croatia you can get a
ticket for public transportation
local newspapers or a scoop of excellent
ice cream
oh yeah and a cup of cappuccino at a
local coffee shop too
speaking of a good coffee yes italy
need a slap in the face espresso after
your all night party session
no problem you'll have to search around
a bit for some less
touristy places to get it for a dollar
but it's doable
if you're in rome looking for something
to see you'll definitely want to snap a
couple of picks at the coliseum
it's actually free but there are local
actors dressed up in gladiator uniforms
and it's customary to tip them at least
a dollar
not your thing pick up two bottles of
water for the same price
but wait wait wait we're still not done
with italy why not go completely wild
and spend another dollar
this time to buy a house yeah you heard
me right
okay to be precise these houses cost one
euro
so that's going to be around a dollar
and 20 cents but still
you could try to bargain with them and
no it's not that real estate in italy
that's insanely prized
there's a story behind it italy is
trying to attract new residents back to
their tiny towns to increase the
population
people have been moving out of these
areas headed for the cities to look for
work
these towns just want to bring some life
back onto their streets
moving to the uk now you can definitely
find something for a dollar
the question is how do you handle it how
about a one dollar pickled egg
yup an egg boiled and then pickled in
vinegar it's a classic over there
usually served as a side dish for fish
when you're in london
you can visit most museums for a dollar
okay okay you got me
museums there are mostly free so a whole
bunch of pickled eggs anyone
now you can't visit france without
tasting an authentic baguette
but the fact that you can get it for a
dollar makes it even better
baguette is the french word for stick
and it's one of the most famous french
products
there was a law passed in 1920 that
banned bakers from starting work before
4 am
or from working past 10 pm the bakers
had to come up with a fast baking bread
to feed to everyone
and ta-da that's when the baguette
showed up
iceland is a beautiful country but also
one of the most expensive in the world
there aren't many things you can buy for
a dollar in iceland but
milk is the exception how about a good
old bag of chips
this afternoon snack cost about a dollar
in ireland
smoky bacon flavor for me in luxembourg
you can get a one and a half liter
bottle of water for this amount
yeah not a lot going on over there but
still an interesting country
it's the only grand duchy in the world
whatever
that means there's not a lot you can get
for a dollar in belgium either but
okay chewing gum might come in handy in
finland
you can get access to a public toilet
but
if you ask nicely the coffee shop down
the road
might help you save a buck on that
poland has a traditional dessert that
looks like a donut
and two pieces cost a dollar the dough
is rich
fluffy filled with jam and covered in
powdered sugar
traditionally they eat it on fat
thursday in the states
people went crazy over it too but we eat
it on fat
tuesday tuesday thursday potato potato
i'm up for a couple of these any day of
the week
if you're visiting switzerland you're
gonna need a bit more than a dollar
but okay you can go to a deli and taste
a really
really tiny piece of swiss cheese just
to see what you've been missing
they might not even charge you another
thing you can get for a dollar is
maybe one apple maybe pinto
it's a traditional spanish snack usually
just bred with toppings like
vegetables pickles or meat they sell it
everywhere
but the good local places that sell it
for a dollar are usually hidden in the
non-touristy areas
all that for just a dollar not bad
in germany find a pretzel eat it no it's
not that kind of pretzel
it's a freshly baked bready thing that's
all kinds of delicious
or you can buy 400 cotton swabs if
you're not hungry
it's a nice sunny day in sweden you're
taking a walk
enjoying your day and you're in the mood
for something refreshing
for a dollar of course ooh an ice cream
popsicle
okay you totally got me i'm in going to
brazil
great a dollar there can get you a glass
of fresh orange juice
or even better if you don't feel like
walking around with your backpack all
day
get to the nearest bus station they have
lockers there so you can ditch your
stuff and head straight for the beach
time for colombia in the capital bogota
you can get coffee with two biscuits or
in aripa
a traditional corn delicacy that comes
in different flavors
then more coffee if you're wandering
around new york city
you might just be able to find a tasty
slice of pizza for that price
it just might take a while are your car
or bike tires flat
well you know the price for using the
air pump
need some string some buttons a few
balloons or something equally random
head to the 99-cent store and in canada
you can buy lettuce in costa rica you
can get a whole watermelon papaya or
pineapple
and in tanzania a nice potato omelette